V1:

Upon conisdering the factors that affect a drivers final position in a race, 
I decided to use the folowing tables and the corresponding mentioned features 
to consider for the model to train on:

1. Circuits: circuitID, circuitRef
2. Constructor: constructorID, constructorRef
3. Drivers: driverID, driverRef
4. Pit_stops: raceID, driverID, stop, lap, milliseconds
5. Qualifying: qualifyID, raceID, driverID, constructorID, position
6. Races: raceID, year, circuitID, 
7. Results: resultID, raceID, driverID, constructorID, grid, position

The position variable in the results table is our label which we aim to predict given
all the rest information about a driver, track and the constructor. 

V2:

Cannot use pit stops tbale at all, this feature happens during a race and using it for
predicting race results beforehand is unnatural as my model aims to predict race results
given pre race data.

No need to use the qualifying table at all because teh grid feature in results table
already specifies the qualifying result.

I am not using circuits, drivers and constructor table for now because their only purpose as it 
seems is giving me the name for an index which is useless.

(FOR FUTURE): The model might treat driver and constructor ID as values for them,
for example driverID(1) performs worse then driverID(2) because 1<2, this needs to be
eliminated in future.

So we are left with the following tables and features:

1. Races: raceID, year, circuitID, 
2. Results: resultID, raceID, driverID, constructorID, grid, position

Phase 1:
I tried a normal random forest regressor model on the cleaned dataset as specified above without any
data cleaning or manipulation and got the following results:

test score: 0.5639941486914555:  near 50% score
MAE: 2.3805787476280837: Predicts position with an error of 2-3 places on average

Ive come to realise after getting recommended by gemini that currntly we are using data from 2023
to predict race results for 2012 which will not be accurate obviously. So the train data should be based
on some previous year data and the test data on the recent years or so.
So now for the training set: Races before 2022 and test set: Races in and after 2022.
